---
type: daily
date: "Wednesday, March 18, 2026"
tags:
  - daily
status: active
---
## Notes

This is a link for global Genie stuff:

* [L300](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gNOQf0xKjwlNLp-VBPNbw64yVWKxFYhDFaPkJY6YjZM/edit?slide=id.g3ce78f6e882_0_0#slide=id.g3ce78f6e882_0_0)
* [L200](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lY7aX-hbaSu9BdvSg6FpY4IGVYecTPRdlWrE2Y1SlO8/edit?slide=id.g3ce78f6e882_0_0#slide=id.g3ce78f6e882_0_0)
* [L100](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1IvlmDRVoJ_XpremHuCii4JebG6KTlHURFynLe3n6dVQ/edit?slide=id.g3ce78f6e823_0_0#slide=id.g3ce78f6e823_0_0)

I need to send to finish and send the capstone project to the global team by the end of this week.

This is the key design document for Pilot for Teams in Alinta:

[[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xHKisvagYV7-4s3_tnhAwhiHCPhIBGoVr5cthrnb9mU/edit?tab=t.0]]

### Alinta Questions:
* What is ADH? Alinta's ADH platform
* what is the relation between prod pipeline and PfT?


ADH users are non DnA and DnA users. DnA users are 


The output of a design - recommended low level design
I need to send the high level questions to Armon by tomorrow so he can add them to the agenda of the workshop.

Reach out to Billy and Choung for context if Erik is busy.
Andrew, Jake and David

Monday Wednesday standup internal with Erik and Armon.


UC and Security discovery and design.

Objective of the workshop and topics, what to present and what info to get about.


### potential point of discussion:

#### recommendation:

Redesign the Unity Catalog architecture by transitioning from the current single 'Pilot' catalog to a domain-based architecture. Each team will have a dedicated catalog (e.g., pilot_retail, pilot_finance), which provides better data isolation, simplifies access control, and enhances scalability without requiring changes to existing Entra AD groups

#### Next steps:

Formally align on and define the data domains that will map to the new catalogs.
Adjust Terraform scripts to provision new teams with a dedicated catalog instead of a schema.
Plan the migration of existing assets to the new domain catalogs, initially preserving schema names to minimize disruption to user scripts.



DnA - tight control of everything
Users workspace and pipeline workspace
prod user to dev user

They want more governance, dev user workspace

1 pilot catalog - > 1 pilot catalog per team



multiple schemas would be challenging 

Andrew is the decision maker DnA has already approved the catalog design but not the rest of the teams

Check with Chuong they have already accepted by them.

What is the scope of this design? What does it entail?

After discussion with Billy, apparently, they have already approved the recommended setup. This needs to be checked.

The main questions is what should be included in the UC design document?
* depending on existing DevOps process

#### Is there any information on their existing devops and terraform process for their current pilot env?


Amin Movahed  : Is there any documentation or information on their existing DevOps and Terraform process for their current pilot environment? The design document discusses effort and changes to the current Terraform. I want to ensure that I am not asking repetitive questions if they have already addressed these topics.

Billy O’Connor : Hmm, I reckon we had a recording or two of meetings, but they're probably now lost with our access expiring. David was the expert, and Allison took the lead because she knew more about me with regards to Terraform (she also reviewed their existing repo)


Based on my current research:
* going through the DevOps process for current pilot environment
* Understanding their Terraform code  - access to them to be able to include the changes in the design
* Access to their workspace to be able to look at the catalog structure


how many business unit -> catalog
project - > schema

Business unit created if they are new

Need technical question as we need to scope it